Adding an option to launch ios simulator client (#670)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for the Steam authentication flow.
- Added support for the Alpha Locator flow.

> - Added `Launch Mobile client` menu to `SpatialOS` menu in Unity Editor. `Android client` and `iOS client` menu items allow launching corresponding mobile clients to connect to local deployment.

Author: It doesn't, though it is primarily useful for local deployment launch

- Added option to build workers out via IL2CPP in the cmd.
- Added an example of handling disconnect for mobile workers.
- Added support for launching an Android client from the Editor over ADB.

> - Added `Launch Mobile client` menu to `SpatialOS` menu in Unity Editor. `Android device` and `iOS device` menu items allow launching corresponding mobile clients to connect to local deployment.

Reviewer: same comment as in the last PR:

multiple things:
- this needs to be under the `Unreleased` header
- rephrase that entry to
```suggestion
- Added support for launching an iOS client from an iOS simulator from the Unity Editor. Navigate to **SpatialOS** > **Launch mobile client** > **iOS client** to try it out.
```
